[Merged by Bors] - Add demo kafka-druid-earthquake-data (#72)
stackabletech/stackablectl: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/demos/trino-taxi-data.adoc

* Install the required Stackable operators
* Spin up the follow data products

> ** *Superset*: A modern data exploration and visualization platform. This demo uses it to execute SQL queries on Trino and build dashboards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** *Superset*: A modern data exploration and visualization platform. This demo utilizes Superset to retrieve data from Trino via SQL queries and build dashboards on top of that data
```

====

== Inspect data in S3
The S3 provided by MinIO is used as a persistent storage to store all the data used.

> You can have a look at the testdata within the MinIO Webinterface by opening the given `minio` endpoint `console-http` from your `stackablectl services list` command output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can have a look at the testdata within the MinIO web interface by opening the given `minio` endpoint `console-http` from your `stackablectl services list` command output.
```

image::demo-trino-taxi-data/superset_2.png[]

> === View dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== View the dashboard
```
